Now that's it for this course section.
We started with conditional jobs and steps
and you can control step or job execution
with the if field and dynamic expressions as you learned.
That's very useful because in many scenarios
you don't wanna execute all steps or jobs all the time
and sometimes you wanna execute jobs or steps
if they normally would not have been executed.
And that's also where the failure success canceled
and always functions come into play
because these functions allow you to change GitHub Actions
default behavior, and for example execute a job
even if other dependent jobs failed,
or for example execute some job or a step
if a workflow was canceled.
You can also use to continue on error field on a step
to ignore the failure of that step and proceed
as if that step would've succeeded.
Now, that's one thing.
We also learned about matrix jobs
where you can easily run the same job
with different job configurations
and where a matrix of combinations is created automatically.
You can also add or remove individual combinations
as you learned and you can control
whether a single job failure should lead to all other jobs
being canceled or not with help
of the continue on error setting.
Last but not least, we also explored reusable workflows,
which is a feature that allows you to build a workflow
that can be used inside of other workflows
and you simply create such a reusable workflow
by adding the workflow call event to it.
Any workflow that has this event can be called
by other workflows.
You can then reuse any logic you want and add as many jobs
and steps as needed to that reusable workflow
so you can really do whatever you want there.
And you can also use inputs, outputs, and secrets
to give that reusable workflow all the data it might need
and to also pass data back to the workflow
that uses the reusable workflow.